histexpand: add page (#5455)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/histexpand.md

> # history expansion

Reviewer: This title looks as good as any.

> Reuse and expand the shell history in bash or zsh.
> More information: <https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/html_node/History-Interaction.html>.

- Run the previous command:

`!!`

- Run the previous command as root:

`sudo !!`

- Run a command with the last argument of the previous command:

`{{command}} !$`

- Run a command with the first argument of the previous command:

`{{command}} !^`

> - Run a command `n` lines back in the history:

Reviewer 2: Here we're referring to a specific entry, so "the" would be the appropriate article.
```suggestion
- Run the command `n` lines back in the history:
```

`!-{{n}}`

- Run the most recent command starting with `string`:

`!{{string}}`

- Run the previous command, replacing `string1` with `string2`:

`^{{string1}}^{{string2}}^`

> - Print a command `n` lines back without running it:

Reviewer 2: Same as above. Also, maybe move it to be next to the `!-{{n}}` example?
```suggestion
- Print the command `n` lines back without running it:
```

Author: I'm not sure. `:p` applies to all expansions, I just took `!-n` as an example, so I'd say they aren't really related. That's also the reason I put them at the end of the page.

Reviewer 2: I  that case I'd suggest trying a different description that makes the generality more evident. The way it is written, it seems to be directly related to the example above.

Author: What would you suggest?

Reviewer 3: https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/5455#discussion_r606834489 ?

Reviewer 2: Yep, that is a bit more verbose, but conveys the right meaning/context IMO.

> - Print the command `n` lines back without running it:
> 
> `!-{{n}}:p`

Reviewer 3: Maybe something like this? (in response to https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/5455#discussion_r606831185)
```suggestion
- Perform a history expansion, but print the command that would be run instead of actually running it:

`{{!-n}}:p`
```

> > Reuse and expand your history in bash or zsh.

Reviewer: Generally we try to avoid the 2nd person (e.g. `you`, `your`, etc) in tldr-pages :slightly_smiling_face:
```suggestion
> Reuse and expand the shell history in bash or zsh.
```
